hi guys what we're going to be cooking
today is a beautiful Italian classic
minestrone soup
[Music]
okay minestrone soup
absolutely beautiful Italian classic
basically it's a large vegetable soup
very easy to make very cheap there's a
lot of variations of it and basically
minestrone means big soup slice of the
celery neck /uk up and leave the skin on
a lot of flavoring that skin slashing
mushrooms and when you slice him took
your two fingers back there and put your
middle finger forward took your nails in
and use this posi guide so when you
slice
you can't chop your fingers off and it's
safe
well if you feel uncomfortable chopping
or slicing anything like that just put
it in half so it's all flat again it
took you two fingers back middle finger
up tucked in like that cuz when you've
got your fingers like that and your
nails tucked in and use that as a guide
so when you chop in fast or slow there's
no way you're gonna chop your fingers up
so I do this it's all safe and if you
cut in anything long like a carrot or a
celery get made sometimes I don't do it
but you get your thumb like that to hold
it get your fingers again tucked back
and your middle finger in front and then
just chop just like that like a guide
next I'm gonna be using one potato very
traditionally minestrone soup I'm just
going to dice it I'm using some
beautiful sun-dried tomatoes so that's
roughly chopped then let's just shred
some cabbage test I'm going to be using
some beautiful nice cauliflower florets
I'm gonna be using some beautiful
good-quality smoky ham you can use
pancetta but um this is really good
quality beautiful
which gives it a nice smoky taste cuz
he's smoky huh
just white your garlic and just leave
that whole okay I've got a heavy bass
pan really heavy really good for making
soup like this on a medium heat we're
gonna add some olive oil and plenty of
that in okay so what we're going to add
is the onion carrots mushrooms celery
[Music]
next up the ham in next up the potatoes
and cauliflower and some dried tomatoes
in on the cabbage and also it's very
important for this soup is seasoned as
you go
so I'd a good generous pinch of salt and
also some pepper give everything a good
stir and you really want to cook all
this out for about 15 minutes to get
some really good color on there
caramelize it like a little bit because
this is the heart and soul of the soup
so really really stir it cookie down and
add your liquid
[Music]
okay this been cooking for like five
minutes and it smells awfully fantastic
so put some dried herbs in there when
you put some more Reggiano in there
basil dried basil
give it a stir mmm okay that's mean cook
in ten minutes and like I said it's very
important to get all these sweated out
get all the flavors out and the next one
we do add some really good quality
Tomatoes now give that a stir
also add some peas some sweet peas this
gives it a really beautiful sweetness
next at a good quality chicken stock
either on mate or from the store I'm
also adding some water and one of the
secrets to this dish I'm gonna use some
parmesan rind and that just lifts the
dish that just makes it extra extra
special so just pop that in and the
secret to this dish is we're going to
put it in the oven we're gonna cook it
for two hours and what that will do that
will intensify all the flavors and it's
gonna be fantastic support later on I'm
gonna put it in the oven
[Music]
okay this has been cooking for one hour
so remove the lid and that it's more
absolutely beautiful it's really well
worth it and warm and some flavors in
there it's an X just add one cup of
water and then put it back in the oven
let's have a look at this look at that
guys you know it's well worth it you
know to cook it for a long long time and
the maximum flavor I've got out of those
vegetables that broth
everything is beautiful sort of taste
Wow
a parmesan rind you can really taste it
I've taken it out so now what we're
gonna do we're gonna add some parsley
gonna add some peas to that some salt I
know I need salt ground black pepper
also at the park or rigatoni and that
will continue cooking in the soup so
give everything a good stir mmm
beautiful
[Music]
harshly oh man some fresh garlic just on
top and definitely some beautiful grated
Parmesan cheese just on top
ground black pepper and just a drizzle
of olive oil around there and also
what's really good with minestrone is
some beautiful white fish seven table
so there you go guys hope you enjoyed it
absolutely one of my favorite soups of
all time easy to do you can add anything
you want in there but the secret is is
just to cook it for a long long time
thanks guys
[Music]